As usual, there are about 700,000
Many peoplearta in a
short while from which
The people of Hiroshima, who have been underestimating the city of Tosan,
have been under the influence of the Imperial Army.
The people of Hiroshima have welcomed the Imperial Army with respect.
The Imperial Army has not lost all its power.
The people of Hiroshima are finally avenging the Imperial Army.
Next, I will talk about the operation to decontaminate the city of Kaku.
The main purpose of this operation is to prevent the city of Kaku from being decontaminated.
The left arm of the first wing.
The enemy of the Batan Peninsula is the Japanese-owned fisherman Daimichi Rintou,
who is the first in the Yodobu.
He built a strong military base in Tosan.
He sent the Philippine army to the outskirts.
The American army is now recognized as a special force.